● Team Name: Newbies
● Team members details: 1.Member 1 [contribution]
 2. Member 2 [contribution]
 3. Member 3 [contribution]
 4. Member 4 [contribution] …
● Selected theme: Smart Cities

● Problem Statement: So the idea is to help out peoples newly entering to smart cities.
When somebody moves to a newer unfamiliar region Then it takes sometime to settle down the things
Here our application comes into play It can provide various chores related services such as
carpenter, plumber, Electrician, Restaurants etc. in the closest vicinity of their homes.
Even before someone actually starts living there.
Also our web application can  manage Daily Schedules of Corporate working Peoples.
This application will going to solve hectic schedules of peoples and make their life more easier.

● Description of the desired application:  So our Team is building a web application having several features such as adding new schedules to it
 Structing off Tasks that has been already completed And In critical situations where we have many tasks in hand but Less  time our application is going to automatically prioritize Taks So That maximum Number of tasks can be accomplished in given Time frame.Who are its competitors and how is your solution different from the rest?

● Solutioning and Methodology: Our Intention is simple To achieve maximum and important no of tasks in most  optimal way as musch as possible.
IT going To help people as much as possible by clarifying their objectives.
Effectiveness and time management are impact metrics that one can use to analyse the effect of the solution.

Our application will be a web application so it can be easily used, maintained and implemented. and due to its vast range of reach it will be very effective solution.
Everyone uses Phones or laptops so vast range of reach.

● Tech Stack: We will use JavaScript, Express , Bootstrap and Nodejs  because they are easy to use and has wide variety of apllications also and we are familier with it :)

● Visualisations: Flowcharts, diagrams, wireframes or even doodles!
● Other relevant details or attachments [Option
